hey guys what's up it is me Anthony and
I am in beautiful hot sunny Florida
it's like 98 degrees out here and it's
in February it's supposed to be like
cold oh well I have a product review it
is Brookstone sand packet pull it shape
it and I certainly do love it so it's
98% sand 2% polymer which is a lot not a
lot but it does what it's in and it
never it's a hundred percent fun but it
never dries out and you'll never put it
down it won't make a mess it really
won't it sticks to itself but not you
that's a good thing yeah so with no
further ado let's get on with the review
only gotta take out a little of it for
product or product video like alive
that's what it you can explain it as
it's not loose and a lot of people think
it's a copy of sand but it's really not
it's like a live sand you know the sand
feeling this is not messy it's not bad
at all it's something good actually
apparently gluten free so yeah me gutten
free kids you can eat this totally fine
something really cool
like that ice cream cake anybody yeah
Brookstone calm it'll give you a good
drink about that description
another cool thing is if you have a boy
and a parent is watching this this is
great for a kid you will never put it
down all day and say he's hooked on the
computer let's go give him something to
do it's it's not boring if you have a
boy and he likes gooey things I don't
person they're like gooey things this is
not gooey to me it's not gooey but it's
in that area it's not bad it's a great
Christmas birthday present and it's
really fun you'll never put it down as
the box said I'm sure that the mess I'm
going to show you
and you're done
pick it up put it in the box and you're
done that's it
you put it in the Box it's all done
that's right so don't have to worry
about that Burke's Danse and you need
that Brookstone funnest thing in the
world alright guys thanks for watching
bye